Weekly merge 2023-08-25 (#2147)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/smart-contracts/fundamentals/the-filecoin-virtual-machine/index.md

- Leasing: FVM Actors enable a FIL token holder to provide collateral to clients looking to do a storage deal, and be repaid the principal and interest over time.  FVM Actors can also trace the borrowing and repayment history of a given client, generating a community-developed reputation score.

Additional use cases enabled by FVM include, but are not limited to, tokenized data sets, trustless reputation systems, NFTs, storage bounties and auctions, Layer 2 bridges, futures and derivatives, or conditional leasing.  Visit the Protocol Labs [FVM Request for Startups](https://rfs.fvm.dev/) page to see in-depth descriptions of the use cases you may want to build and how Protocol Labs prioritizes them. 

### Start building on the FVM

If you’re ready to start building on the FVM, here are some resources you should explore: 

> - FVM Quickstart Guide: The [Quickstart guide](https://docs.filecoin.io/smart-contracts/fundamentals/erc-20-quickstart/) will walk you through deploying your first ERC-20 contract on FVM.   In addition to being provided this code, we also walk you through the developer environment set-up.  

Author: ```suggestion
- FVM Quickstart Guide: The [Quickstart guide]({{< relref "/smart-contracts/fundamentals/erc-20-quickstart" >}}) will walk you through deploying your first ERC-20 contract on FVM.   In addition to being provided this code, we also walk you through the developer environment set-up.  
```

> - Developing Contracts: If you are ready to build your dApp on FVM, you can skip ahead and review our [best practices](https://docs.filecoin.io/smart-contracts/developing-contracts/best-practices/) section for developing contracts.  Here, you can find a guide for the Filecoin solidity libraries, details on tools such as Foundry, Remix, and Hardhat, and tutorials for calling built-in actors and building client contracts. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Developing Contracts: If you are ready to build your dApp on FVM, you can skip ahead and review our [best practices]({{< relref "/smart-contracts/developing-contracts/best-practices/" >}}) section for developing contracts.  Here, you can find a guide for the Filecoin solidity libraries, details on tools such as Foundry, Remix, and Hardhat, and tutorials for calling built-in actors and building client contracts. 
```
